# 2019-01-29

## Tasks Yet to Start

* Project Management Plan
    * Iteration Planning
    * Meetings
    * Communications
    * Gantt Chart
* QA and Review Plan
    * Ensuring Consistency
    * High quality
    * Document Review
    * Software Review
* Version Control Plan
    * Describe processes
    * Explain how functionality contributes
* Testing Plan
    * Acceptance Tests
    * Aligned to use cases
    * Use experience from user stories


* Begin class diagram

## Tasks in Progress

* N/A

## Tasks Completed

* N/A

## Achievements

* N/A
    
## Assigned Tasks

* Conor
    * Testing Planning
        * Due: 2019/02/01
* Alice
    * Project Management Plan
        * Due: 2019/02/01
    * Gantt Chart
        * Due: 2019/02/04
* Isaiah
    * Review Plan
        * Due: 2019/02/01

## Discussed Topics

* Project Management: 
    * Meetings: Bi-Weekly, Tuesday 13:00 and Friday 16:00. Documented with .md files. Template on gitLab. 
    * Communications: WhatsApp. 
    * Gantt Chart: Excel Spreadsheet. 
* QA
    * Ensuring Consistency: Templates saved to GitLab space. Using .md files for documents.
    * Ensuring Quality: Using GitLab approval system before merging updates to master branch.
* Review: 
    * Document Review: Share progress during meetings. GitLab approval.
    * Software Review: Software features added as branches that are merged into the final project.
    * Plans and Processes: Adjust plans in the GitLab space as this keeps all old versions. 
* Version Control
    * Processes: Can revert back to old versions if issues occur. Group space to discuss changes and suggestions outside of meetings. Papryus' and IntelliJ's compatibility with gitlab allows for easier version control and collaboration.
* Software Tests:
    * Completed features must not cause a test to fail that was previously passed. 
    * Using "Issues" feature of the GitLab space for bug reporting. 
    